feat: contextPath support for FPM writer (#952)
SAP/open-ux-tools: .changeset/contextPath.md

---
"@sap-ux/fe-fpm-writer": patch

> "@sap-ux/types": patch

Reviewer: the `@sap-ux/types` module has not been touched in your PR

---

> feat: contextPath for new pages

Reviewer: I'd remove line six, the long text in line 8 is good by itself for the changelog.

Author: done

> Feature enhacement: in addition to the entity (set) you now can define a contextPath that gets written instead of entitySt then into the `options > settings` of the new page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Feature enhancement: in addition to the entity (set) you now can define a contextPath that gets written instead of entitySet then into the `options > settings` of the new page.
```

Author: done
